if I personally see something, um, that's sexually inappropriate. Then,
depending on the severity, I might go up to the to the offender and
separately the Fendi and ask what happened. You know, try to get some
kind of, um, some kind of basis for bringing it up to the highest
level toe a higher level, something. They're pretty obvious, you know,
if something, you know, egregious happens, I might just go straight
to my to my supervisor and explain what happened. For the most
part, if someone has, um, something bad happened to them, Uh, they're
generally not supposed to come to me. We give a lot of training explaining
who you're supposed to go to. We have posters everywhere. We
have websites that you could go to. We have, you know, training very,
very often. Uh, that describes that, um, someone who thinks something
bad happened to them. Go to the va, the victim's advocate or the
SAARC, and they can give them expert opinion about what they should
do.